there's the Mongoose family looking
around as usual mama said is because
they're nosy everyone is with their
family just like me it looks like we're
on the move now it's not so hot we can
walk come on Bubba we'd better get going
I'm always at the back my legs are so
short and I can't keep up but my family
always wait for me to catch up and one
day I will have long legs tools
some of the time I just like to watch
and listen I look at my family and learn
from all the things I see sometimes
Babar will give me roaring lessons his
voice is so deep and strong that you can
hear it for miles around it lets the
other animals know that my Baba is the
king of the Maasai Mara Baba says I have
to practice my role if I want to be as
loud and as scary as he is one day I'm
trying my hardest it's getting louder I
think
one day I'll be able to roll like my
Baba right now though I'm happy just
being young I get to play all day and
all of my family look out for me
Kumi has a lot of growing to do before
he says big and strong and loud as his
dad but for now he'll just enjoy long
happy days with his family